feat: add option disableDependencyReinclude (#161)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: docs/config.md

  Some Vite plugins can contribute additional preprocessors by defining [api.sveltePreprocess](./faq.md#how-do-i-add-a-svelte-preprocessor-from-a-vite-plugin). If you don't want to use them, set this to true to ignore them all or use an array of strings with plugin names to specify which.

### disableDependencyReinclude

- **Type:** `boolean | string[]`
- **Default:** `false`

>   vite-plugin-svelte automatically manages [pre-bundling for dependencies](./faq.md#what-is-going-on-with-vite-and-pre-bundling-dependencies) that use svelte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  vite-plugin-svelte automatically manages [pre-bundling for Svelte components](./faq.md#what-is-going-on-with-vite-and-pre-bundling-dependencies).
```

  To opt-out of this automatic behavior you can use

  - `disableDependencyReinclude: true` to disable all reincludes
  - `disableDependencyReinclude: ['foo']` to disable reinclude only for dependencies of foo.

  If you want to manually reinclude the dependency `bar`of `foo`, you can add `{optimizeDeps.include:['foo > bar']}` to your vite config

>   > This is currently required for hybrid packages like routify, that export both node and browser code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > This is currently required for hybrid packages like Routify, that export both Node and browser code.
```
